So what makes a good kanban system? First,
kanban systems must limit a team's work in progress to a set
capacity of resources, so each work step will have a capacity of
people working that step. And secondly,
they must have a signaling event to trigger pulling
new work forward through the system.
The signaling event is the fact that the completion
criteria for that step has been fulfilled.
Now let's take a deeper look at how waterfall and
agile set limits to work in progress.
It might sound a bit strange to be saying this. With kanban,
we set limits on what we're going to do,
and this is so important to a well oiled and healthy kanban
activity. For perspective, with waterfall,
we in effect set limits by defining all the requirements and milestones upfront,
then develop and then deploy.
We added a change management system to manage any
unexpected requirements or issues.
This helped in keeping things running as smooth as possible and reduced
disorder. With Scrum, we limited disorder by planning sprints in two or
three week time boxes, while at the same time reserving any changes
until the next sprint planning meeting when we re‑synced with the
customer. With kanban, this order is controlled by limiting the amount
of work in progress,
which with kanban is the number of cards allowed at each step to be worked.
Though this may sound like Scrum, the time intervals are vastly different.
Scrum's time box is about 2 to 3 weeks, and with kanban, well,
there is no time box.
We are setting the stage here. And later in this course, we have a
module focused on setting limits and managing workloads.
So here are the main core kanban properties at all
good kanban systems must embody.
Visualize your workflow, your value stream with a kanban board.
Limit the work in progress by each resource working on one work item at a time.
Measure and manage the workflow, which will help you predict your work outcomes.
Make process policies explicit.
This will generally relate to the completion criteria
for each step in your value stream.
Use models to recognize improvement opportunities to
further enhance your value stream.
We will be getting into much more detail on these kanban properties throughout the course.